FIX Validate estimators in Voting{Classifier,Regressor} (#30649)
scikit-learn/scikit-learn: doc/whats_new/upcoming_changes/sklearn.ensemble/30649.fix.rst

- :class:`ensemble.VotingClassifier` and :class:`ensemble.VotingRegressor`

>   validates `estimators` to make sure is a list of tuples. By `Thomas Fan`_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  validate `estimators` to make sure it is a list of tuples. By `Thomas Fan`_.
```
